[DX-1326] docs: document ably init and use it across getting-started pages (#3380)
ably/docs: src/pages/docs/chat/getting-started/android.mdx

Reviewer: Since, `npx -p @ably/cli ably init` setup everything including authentication in a single command. 
This note seems is unnecessary. Currently, it feels ambiguous or doesn't make sense.

Reviewer: Same can be applied across all updated docs.

Author: this note is correct afaict... it only shows when not logged in to highlight that using the demo key alongside the CLI won't work. 

The CLI doing auth in 1 step does not take away from needing to use the correct API key in the example code below

Reviewer: Since, we install `agent skills` using `npx -p @ably/cli ably init`, we don't need this note right? 
If we remove (Optional) as per https://github.com/ably/docs/pull/3380/changes#r3240033521, then this can be safely removed/updated?

Reviewer: Not needed

> Use the [Ably CLI](https://github.com/ably/cli) as an additional client to quickly test chat features. It can simulate other users by sending messages, entering presence, and acting as another user typing a message.

Reviewer: `(Optional)` can be removed so that `Install Ably CLI` becomes part of the standard development workflow. Even if users are not directly using `ably-cli`, the required skills are still installed as part of `npx -p @ably/cli ably init`.

`(Optional)` may have existed earlier because `ably-cli` was still pre-GA. Since `ably-cli` is now stable, users should be able to rely on it without issues.

Author: hmm I think we should still keep "optional" because the CLI step is optional with context of this getting started guide i.e. you don't need the CLI to use the getting-started guide

> Use the [Ably CLI](https://github.com/ably/cli) as an additional client to quickly test chat features. It can simulate other users by sending messages, entering presence, and acting as another user typing a message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [Ably CLI](/docs/platform/tools/cli) as an additional client to quickly test chat features. It can simulate other users by sending messages, entering presence, and acting as another user typing a message.
```

Reviewer: Same can be applied across all updated docs.

Author: updated

> Install the Ably CLI, log in to your Ably account, and set the default app and API key in a single command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ably CLI: Install, authenticate, configure the default app with API key and set up [ably agent skills](https://github.com/ably/agent-skills) in a single command
```
As a third person, somehow `log in to your Ably account` doesn't give clarity on `logging in for the purpose CLI authentication`.

Reviewer: Same can be applied across all updated docs.

Author: I'll update to mention auth, but I don't think we need to highlight the skills here. We still have an aside specifically for skills at the top of this page, and the updated CLI docs links also mention skills.

Author: updated
